I have tested working under linux, not working... compiling. Package contains
two files - for Watcom OS/2 and Linux. Who needed another makefiles - make it
by himself. There was no msgbase crashing, etc. under Watcom (OS/2).

Some information:

hptutil purge - checked all keywords from fidoconfig (maybe I've forgoten
something, but I tryed). From fidoconfig - keepUnread, killRead, purge, max.
No packing, messages only "marked" as deleted. Reply chains not killed.

hptutil pack - packing msgbase, used function of renaming files, thats why
Golded can't stay in reading areas, in this case may be problems (1st warning!).
Squish packing didn't set umsgid=1 on first letter. No lastread changeing, but
if umsgid = FFFFFFFF - this is will be wrong - not checked (2nd warning!). In
Jam base first letter also non 1, no lastread changing, but if BaseMsgNum will
be FFFFFFFF and then 0 lastread's will be damaged - not checked (3rd warning!).
Reply chains not killed.

hptutil sort - if exist importlog file, sorting only areas in this file,
sorting all areas if importlog not exist. File importlog not deleted. Sorting
started from lastread, condition - date of the message. Reply chains is killed.

hptutil link - if exist importlog file, linking only areas in this file,
linking all areas if importlog not exist. The deletion of importlog subscribed
in fidoconfig (and no deleted at all, if you use non documented option -k).
Linking all active messages in area.

Working as separate modules, for example

hptutil purge
hptutil pack

and with several command line options

hptutil sort link

if you set several command line options, work will be not in this order,
but first will be purge, then pack, sort, link.

MSG bases non supported yet, but this is not hard to do it.

This is like a "fish" - template which needs to be checked, better solutions in
algorythm, etc.

And the last thing - before run this tool, change sources to work with one
area, and copy it to some place. Real work was only in OS/2 (watcom 11b).

With best regards Fedor Lizunkov, 2:5020/960
